gh-104504: Run mypy on cases_generator in CI (and blacken the code) (#108090)
python/cpython: Tools/cases_generator/requirements-dev.txt

> # Requirements file for external linters and checks we run on Tools/clinic/ in CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Requirements file for external linters and checks we run on Tools/cases_generator/ in CI
```

> mypy==1.4.1

Reviewer: Any reason not to use the latest version? :)

```suggestion
mypy==1.5.1
```
